Git Clone: - Git clone is a copy of a repository that lives on your computer instead of on a website's server somewhere, or the act of making that copy. 
With your clone you can edit the files in your preferred editor and use Git to keep track of your changes without having to be online. 
It is, however, connected to the remote version so that changes can be synced between the two. 
You can push your local changes to the remote to keep them synced when you're online.

Git Push: - Pushing refers to sending your committed changes to a remote repository, such as a repository hosted on GitHub. 
For instance, if you change something locally, you'd want to then push those changes so that others may access them.

Git Pull: - Pull refers to when you are fetching in changes and merging them. For instance,
 if someone has edited the remote file you're both working on, you'll want to pull in those changes to your local copy so that it's up to date.

Merge Conflict: -Merging takes the changes from one branch (in the same repository or from a fork), and applies them into another. 
This often happens as a pull request (which can be thought of as a request to merge), or via the command line. 
A merge can be done automatically via a pull request via the GitHub web interface if there are no conflicting changes, or can always be done via the command line.

Git Branches: - A branch is a parallel version of a repository. It is contained within the repository, 
but does not affect the primary or master branch allowing you to work freely without disrupting the "live" version. 
When you've made the changes you want to make, you can merge your branch back into the master branch to publish your changes.

Git Commit: - A commit is an individual change to a file. It's like when you save a file, except with Git, 
 every time you save it creates a unique ID that allows you to keep record of what changes were made when and by who.
 Commits usually contain a commit message which is a brief description of what changes were made.
